README.md, before:

getPrices
=========

Tool for getting stock prices of my current portfolio.
It produces output appropriate for the ledger-cli tool
that I use to track my finances. Certainly this tool is
for my own use.

Symbols to fetch and places to fetch them are set in a
config file.

Config file
---------

Put the name of your config file in the `GETPRICES_FILE`
system environment. If this is not set then the tool
looks for `${HOME}/.portfoliorc` and if it finds nothing
there then it errors out.

The format of the file is as follows.

Empty lines or those with `'#'` at the first character
are ignored.

All other lines must be commodity lines. One commodity
line has the format:

`[YAHOO|VANGUARD] [^ ]+`

That is, the start of the line must match a member of a
set of strings given in the file `/config/parser.go`
which currently is `YAHOO` or `VANGUARD`. This
is followed by a single space character and a single
ticker identifier which is anything that is not a space
character. If there is a space after the ticker identifier
then it is ignored along with everything after it.

The first token is referred to in the code as a `broker`
which is not a good name: a better name would be something
like `PriceProvider` because this token tells the `fetcher`
code which method to use to get the price of the given
ticker identifier. `YAHOO` means to use the API at
`finance.yahoo.com` to get prices of commodities that are
traded on the ASX. `VANGUARD` means to scrape the
`vanguardinvestments.com.au` site to get the price of
their index fund (which is not traded on the ASX)


Design
-----

![Message Sequencing Chart](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Fepelus/getPrices/master/msc.png)

Commit message:

Refactoring fetcher code out of the config parser

README.md, after:

getPrices
=========

Tool for getting stock prices of my current portfolio.
It produces output appropriate for the ledger-cli tool
that I use to track my finances. Certainly this tool is
for my own use.

Symbols to fetch and places to fetch them are set in a
config file.

Config file
---------

Put the name of your config file in the `GETPRICES_FILE`
system environment. If this is not set then the tool
looks for `${HOME}/.portfoliorc` and if it finds nothing
there then it errors out.

The format of the file is as follows.

Empty lines or those with `'#'` at the first character
are ignored.

All other lines must be commodity lines. One commodity
line has the format:

`[YAHOO|VANGUARD] [^ ]+`

That is, the start of the line must match the keys of a
map given in the file `/fetcher/fetcher.go` which
currently is `YAHOO` or `VANGUARD`. This is followed by a
single space character and a single ticker identifier
which is anything that is not a space character. If there
is a space after the ticker identifier then the space is
ignored along with everything on the line after it.

The first token is referred to in the code as a `broker`
which is not a good name: a better name would be something
like `PriceProvider` because this token tells the `fetcher`
code which method to use to get the price of the given
ticker identifier. `YAHOO` means to use the API at
`finance.yahoo.com` to get prices of commodities that are
traded on the ASX. `VANGUARD` means to scrape the
`vanguardinvestments.com.au` site to get the price of
their index fund (which is not traded on the ASX)


Design
-----

![Message Sequencing Chart](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Fepelus/getPrices/master/msc.png)
